[Music]
Sleeping Beauty sparkling with colorful
spectacle brimming with game music and
delightful new song filled with
fascinating new Disney characters you'll
meet lovely princess Briar Rose you'll
meet handsome Prince Philip and Samson
is noble steed
[Music]
you'll meet the most delightful fairies
who ever wafted a magic wand
flora Polly fauna and Merryweather
you'll share the fun with King Stefan
and King Hubert and you'll see
Maleficent work our wondrous which
breath thank you for the fine art of
animation becomes magnificent
entertainment as Walt Disney brings one
of the world's favorite stories to the
screen
it's filled with magical fun
[Music]
it's spectacular in its beauty
and there's adventure to excite every
emotion
[Music]
the management of this theater is proud
to recommend this magnificent motion
picture to every member of every family
everywhere
[Music]